#Timestamp
#Age
#Gender
#Country
#state:
Si vous habitez aux États-Unis, dans quel État ou territoire habitez-vous ?
#self_employed: 
Êtes-vous travailleur indépendant 
#family_history: 
Avez-vous des antécédents familiaux de maladie mentale ? 
#treatment: 
Avez-vous recherché un traitement pour un problème de santé mentale?
#work_interfere: 
Si vous avez un problème de santé mentale, pensez-vous que cela interfère avec votre travail ?
#no_employees: 
Combien d'employés votre entreprise ou organisation compte-t-elle ?

remote_work: Do you work remotely (outside of an office) at least 50% of the time?

tech_company: Is your employer primarily a tech company/organization?

benefits: Does your employer provide mental health benefits?

care_options: Do you know the options for mental health care your employer provides?

wellness_program: Has your employer ever discussed mental health as part of an employee wellness program?

seek_help: Does your employer provide resources to learn more about mental health issues and how to seek help?

anonymity: Is your anonymity protected if you choose to take advantage of mental health or substance abuse treatment resources?

leave: How easy is it for you to take medical leave for a mental health condition?

mentalhealthconsequence: Do you think that discussing a mental health issue with your employer would have negative consequences?

physhealthconsequence: Do you think that discussing a physical health issue with your employer would have negative consequences?

coworkers: Would you be willing to discuss a mental health issue with your coworkers?

supervisor: Would you be willing to discuss a mental health issue with your direct supervisor(s)?

mentalhealthinterview: Would you bring up a mental health issue with a potential employer in an interview?

physhealthinterview: Would you bring up a physical health issue with a potential employer in an interview?

mentalvsphysical: Do you feel that your employer takes mental health as seriously as physical health?

obs_consequence: Have you heard of or observed negative consequences for coworkers with mental health conditions in your workplace?

comments: Any additional notes or comments
